azurerm_container_group: support exposed_port to configure ports at group level (#10491)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/container_group.html.markdown

~> **Note:** DNS label/name is not supported when deploying to virtual networks.

> * `exposed_port` - (Optional) A set of public ports for the container group. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. Set as documented in the `exposed_port` block below.
> 
> ~> **Note:** Any `exposed_port` specified at the container group level must also be specified in a `ports` block on an individual container.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `exposed_port` - (Optional) Zero or more `exposed_port` blocks as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created. 

~> **Note:** The `exposed_port` can only contain ports that are also exposed on one or more containers in the group. 

```

* `protocol` - (Required) The network protocol associated with port. Possible values are `TCP` & `UDP`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> ~> **Note:** If there are no `exposed_port` blocks, then all `ports` blocks will be automatically exposed on the container group level.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Note:** Omitting these blocks will default the exposed ports on the group to all ports on all containers defined in the `container` blocks of this group.

```
